md/index.md, before:

# Bonita Intelligent Continuous Improvement Add-on
This page explains the values and content of Bonita ICI Add-on, which is composed of a standalone application connected to Bonita Engine database, and two Living Applications: one with configuration elements, and one to monitor open cases for SLA compliance as well as a dasboard with statistics on case duration.

![Bonita ICI Add-on logo](images/ici.png)


<div class="col-md-4">
<div class="panel panel-default">
<div class="panel-heading">Highlights</div>
<div class="panel-body">
<div class="menu-block-wrapper">
  
* [Release notes](release-notes.md)  <!--{li:.first .leaf}-->
* For the Operations Managers, new _Analytics_ dashboard  <!--{li:.first .leaf}-->
* For the Developer, new _Polling_ page  <!--{li:.first .leaf}-->
* New REST API extensions available  <!--{li:.first .leaf}-->
* Enhanced Security: https, JWT, and input validation - checked!  <!--{li:.first .leaf}-->
* Translation in French and Spanish  <!--{li:.first .leaf}-->
* Lots of graphical improvements on the Monitoring page for better readability  <!--{li:.first .leaf}-->

<!--{ul:.menu .nav}-->

</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="col-md-4">
<div class="panel panel-default">
<div class="panel-heading">Getting started</div>
<div class="panel-body">
<div style="padding: 15px; padding-bottom: 0px;">Follow this guide with step-by-step instructions to start using Bonita ICI Add-on.</div>
<div class="menu-block-wrapper">

* [:fa-angle-double-right: Getting started with BICI](getting_started.md)
<!--{ul:.menu .nav}-->
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>

<div class="col-md-4">
<div class="panel panel-default">
<div class="panel-heading">Process mining</div>
<div class="panel-body">
<div style="padding: 15px; padding-bottom: 0px;">Learn more about what runs in the background.</div>
<div class="menu-block-wrapper">

* [:fa-angle-double-right:Process mining](process_mining.md)
<!--{ul:.menu .nav}-->
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>

Commit message:

fix(index): reword beginning with AI
* Reword first sentences to speak about AI

md/index.md, after:

# Bonita Intelligent Continuous Improvement Add-on
Monitor the duration of open cases, get help from an Artifical Intelligence algorithm providing the chances for each case to finish within a target duration, and follow the trends on the longer term thanks to the Analytics dashboard.

This page explains the values and content of Bonita ICI Add-on, which is composed of a standalone application connected to Bonita Engine database, and two Living Applications: one for the Configuration of business elements and algorithm, and one for Operations Management.

![Bonita ICI Add-on logo](images/ici.png)


<div class="col-md-4">
<div class="panel panel-default">
<div class="panel-heading">Highlights</div>
<div class="panel-body">
<div class="menu-block-wrapper">
  
* [Release notes](release-notes.md)  <!--{li:.first .leaf}-->
* For the Operations Managers, new _Analytics_ dashboard  <!--{li:.first .leaf}-->
* For the Developer, new _Polling_ page  <!--{li:.first .leaf}-->
* New REST API extensions available  <!--{li:.first .leaf}-->
* Enhanced Security: https, JWT, and input validation - checked!  <!--{li:.first .leaf}-->
* Translation in French and Spanish  <!--{li:.first .leaf}-->
* Lots of graphical improvements on the Monitoring page for better readability  <!--{li:.first .leaf}-->

<!--{ul:.menu .nav}-->

</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="col-md-4">
<div class="panel panel-default">
<div class="panel-heading">Getting started</div>
<div class="panel-body">
<div style="padding: 15px; padding-bottom: 0px;">Follow this guide with step-by-step instructions to start using Bonita ICI Add-on.</div>
<div class="menu-block-wrapper">

* [:fa-angle-double-right: Getting started with BICI](getting_started.md)
<!--{ul:.menu .nav}-->
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>

<div class="col-md-4">
<div class="panel panel-default">
<div class="panel-heading">Process mining</div>
<div class="panel-body">
<div style="padding: 15px; padding-bottom: 0px;">Learn more about what runs in the background.</div>
<div class="menu-block-wrapper">

* [:fa-angle-double-right:Process mining](process_mining.md)
<!--{ul:.menu .nav}-->
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
