md/monitoring.md, before:

# Operations Management

The Operations Management Living Application contains pages that allow Operations Managers to monitor cases with more information than they could normally get by looking at cases execution.

## Monitoring page

The view is filtered by process and optionally process version.
The artificial intelligence algorithm applies a prediction to each case: its likelihood to finish within the target duration, given two parameters: its execution flow so far and the time remaining before the target duration.

Based on this information, the page shows a pie chart with the proportion of cases *Late* (already behind the deadline), *Predicted late* (likelihood is below 50%), and *On time* (likelihood is 50% or above).

It also contains a tabbed list of cases that identifies each case by its ID as well as the name of the initiator. 
For each case *On time* and *Predicted late*, the likelihood to finish on time and the remaining time are also displayed.
For *Late* cases, the amount of time the case has been late as well as the initial due date are displayed.

A click on a particular case displays its overview: current business data values as well as a timeline that shows all human tasks already done as well as the current task and its assignee.

This helps Operations Managers make the best short-term decision to put operations back on track if needed, and organize the team's activity.

Commit message:

feat(monitoring): add analytics
* add analytics

md/monitoring.md, after:

# Operations Management

The Operations Management Living Application contains pages that allow Operations Managers to monitor cases with more information than they could normally get by looking at cases execution.
This application is made of two menu options.

## Monitoring page

This view is filtered by process and optionally process version.
The artificial intelligence algorithm applies a prediction to each case: its likelihood to finish within the target duration, given two parameters: its execution flow so far and the time remaining before the target duration.

Based on this information, the page shows a pie chart with the proportion of cases *Late* (already behind the deadline), *Predicted late* (likelihood is below 50%), and *On time* (likelihood is 50% or above). 
The decision threshold that makes cases *Predicted late* or *On time* can be configured in the [Configuration Living Application](configure.md). 

It also contains a tabbed list of cases that identifies each case by its ID as well as the name of the initiator. 
For each case *On time* and *Predicted late*, the likelihood to finish on time and the remaining time are also displayed.
For *Late* cases, the amount of time the case has been late, as well as the initial due date are displayed.

A click on a particular case displays its overview with: 
- The current business data values
- The case timeline showing all human tasks already done as well as the current tasks and their assignees if identified.

This helps Operations Managers make the best short-term decision to put operations back on track if needed, and organize the team's activity.

## Analytics page

This page takes advantage of Bonita ICI storage, and the opportunity it gives to query archived cases database to get trends on raw indicators, as well as a comparison to Key Performance Indicators.
This view is filtered by process and period of time, and optionally by process version.
It is made of three parts.

### Statistics indicators on case duration
Over the period of time selected, minimum duration, maximum duration, mean, median and standard-deviation are provided.
The target duration is recalled as a KPI for comparison.

### Number of cases opened per month, sorted by status at the time they ended (on-time or late)
Over the time period selected, this stacked-bar chart gives an overview of the number of cases opened by month.
A partition of the bars stands for the cases that have ended in the *On time* status, the other partition stands for the cases that have ended in the *Late* status. The percentage and counts of each partition is indicated in the tooltip of each bar. 

### Distribution of case duration
This bar chart gives the distribution of case duration.
Each bar represents 10% of the total number of cases archived over the time period selected.
The duration of the longest case in this slice of 10% is given in the tooltip of each bar.

Raw values, trends, and comparison with the KPI will help decision making for the continuous improvement of process execution and user experience.
