modules/bici/pages/rest_extensions.adoc, before:

= BICI Operations Management API

_version 2.0_

API used by Operations Management Living Application

== `/bici-info`

=== Http method

`GET`

=== Description

Experimental: may change or be removed at any time (since BICI 1.3.0)

=== Query parameters

No parameters

=== Response examples

* http://localhost:8080/bonita/apps/bici-operations-management/API/extension/bici-info
+
[source,json]
----
{
  "documentationVersion": "1.3",
  "version": "1.3.0"
}
----

== `/bici-case-by-id-api`

=== Http method

`GET`

=== Description

Return the open case related to the provided case id

=== Query parameters

|===
|Parameter|Type|Required|Description

|caseId|integer|true|id of the case
|===

=== Response examples

* http://localhost:8080/bonita/apps/bici-operations-management/API/extension/bici-case-by-id-api?caseId=101
+
[source,json]
----
{
  "caseId": 101,
  "startDate": "2019-06-17T15:27:29.044Z",
  "startedBy": {
      "id": 4,
      "username": "walter.bates",
      "firstName": "Walter",
      "lastName": "Bates"
  },
  "process": {
      "definitionId": "8662860246251890111",
      "name": "Vacation",
      "version": "4.0",
      "versionSpecified": true
  },
  "status": "LATE",
  "predictedEndDate": "2019-06-17T15:28:10.220Z",
  "predictedDurationInMillis": 41153,
  "minInMillis": null,
  "maxInMillis": null,
  "withinTargetRatio": 0
}
----

== `/bici-case-api`

=== Http method

`GET`

=== Description

This list of cases can be filtered by status (late, predictedLate, predictedOnTime, unknown) or using a search term

=== Query parameters

|===
|Parameter|Type|Required|Description

|c|integer|false|Number of elements to return
|p|integer|false|Page to return, starts at 0
|processName|string|true|Name of the process
|processVersion|string|false|Version of the process
|status|string|false|Status of the cases: late, predictedLate, predictedOnTime, unknown
|search|string|false|Search keyword, will search in case id and name of the initiator
|===

=== Response examples

* http://localhost:8080/bonita/apps/bici-operations-management/API/extension/bici-case-api?processName=Vacation
+
[source,json]
----
{
  "cases": [
      {
          "caseId": 101,
          "startDate": "2019-06-17T15:27:29.044Z",
          "startedBy": {
              "id": 4,
              "username": "walter.bates",
              "firstName": "Walter",
              "lastName": "Bates"
          },
          "process": {
              "definitionId": "8662860246251890111",
              "name": "Vacation",
              "version": "4.0",
              "versionSpecified": true
          },
          "status": "LATE",
          "predictedEndDate": "2019-06-17T15:28:10.220Z",
          "predictedDurationInMillis": 41153,
          "minInMillis": null,
          "maxInMillis": null,
          "withinTargetRatio": 0
      }
  ],
  "counts": {
      "predictedLate": 0,
      "late": 1,
      "predictedOnTime": 0,
      "unknown": 0
  },
  "lastPollingDate": "2019-06-25T15:54:40.298Z"
}
----

== `/bici-process-api`

=== Http method

`GET`

=== Description

Get processes that the user is manager of

=== Query parameters

No parameters

=== Response examples

* http://localhost:8080/bonita/apps/bici-operations-management/API/extension/bici-process-api
+
[source,json]
----
[
  {
      "name": "Vacation",
      "versions": [
          "4.0"
      ],
      "targetDurationInMillis": 259200000,
      "successRateThreshold": 0.5
  }
]
----

* http://localhost:8080/bonita/apps/bici-operations-management/API/extension/bici-process-api
+
[source,json]
----
{
  "code": 404,
  "message": "Unexpected error: no_supervised_process"
}
----

== `/bici-query-api`

=== Http method

`GET`

=== Description

This allows to execute an analytics query.

=== Query parameters

|===
|Parameter|Type|Required|Description

|c|integer|false|Number of elements to return
|p|integer|false|Page to return, starts at 0
|queryName|string|true|Name of the analytics query: case-time-distribution, case-statistics, case-late-per-month, task-statistics
|processName|string|true|Name of the process
|processVersion|string|false|Version of the process. If empty, use all allowed versions
|parameters|object|false|Parameters required by the query: durationOfAnalysis, for case-time-distribution, case-statistics, case-late-per-month, task-statistics; durationInMillis, for case-late-per-month
|===

=== Response examples

* http://localhost:8080/bonita/apps/bici-operations-management/API/extension/bici-query-api?queryName=case-time-distribution&processName=Vacation&durationOfAnalysis=2m
+
[source,json]
----
{
  "percentiles": [
      "10",
      "20",
      "30",
      "40",
      "50",
      "60",
      "70",
      "80",
      "90",
      "100"
  ],
  "durationMillis": [
      0,
      0,
      0,
      0,
      0,
      0,
      0,
      0,
      0,
      0
  ]
}
----

* http://localhost:8080/bonita/apps/bici-operations-management/API/extension/bici-query-api?queryName=case-statistics&processName=Vacation&durationOfAnalysis=2y
+
[source,json]
----
{
  "median": 38345,
  "count": 100,
  "min": 34520,
  "max": 50736,
  "avg": 41545,
  "std_deviation": 5584
}
----

* http://localhost:8080/bonita/apps/bici-operations-management/API/extension/bici-query-api?queryName=case-late-per-month&processName=Vacation&durationOfAnalysis=2m&durationInMillis=300
+
[source,json]
----
{
  "month": [
      6
  ],
  "year": [
      2019
  ],
  "predictedOnTime": [
      0
  ],
  "late": [
      0
  ]
}
----

* http://localhost:8080/bonita/apps/bici-operations-management/API/extension/bici-query-api?queryName=task-statistics&processName=Vacation&durationOfAnalysis=2y
+
[source,json]
----
[
  {
      "taskName": "Merge",
      "type": "gate",
      "averageDuration": 0,
      "averageDurationFromStartToClaimDates": 0,
      "averageDurationFromClaimToEndDates": 0,
      "count": 100,
      "numberOfCases": 100,
      "loopRatio": 1,
      "percentOccurrences": 100
  },
  {
      "taskName": "Notify employee request approved",
      "type": "auto",
      "averageDuration": 879,
      "averageDurationFromStartToClaimDates": 50,
      "averageDurationFromClaimToEndDates": 0,
      "count": 100,
      "numberOfCases": 100,
      "loopRatio": 1,
      "percentOccurrences": 100
  },
  {
      "taskName": "Request approved ?",
      "type": "gate",
      "averageDuration": 0,
      "averageDurationFromStartToClaimDates": 50,
      "averageDurationFromClaimToEndDates": 0,
      "count": 100,
      "numberOfCases": 100,
      "loopRatio": 1,
      "percentOccurrences": 100
  },
  {
      "taskName": "Review request",
      "type": "user",
      "averageDuration": 27682,
      "averageDurationFromStartToClaimDates": 50,
      "averageDurationFromClaimToEndDates": 0,
      "count": 100,
      "numberOfCases": 100,
      "loopRatio": 1,
      "percentOccurrences": 100
  }
]
----

Commit message:

chore: add description attribute in various pages (#134)

modules/bici/pages/rest_extensions.adoc, after:

= BICI Operations Management API
:description: The list of APIs used in the Operations Management application.

_version 2.0_

API used by Operations Management Living Application

== `/bici-info`

=== Http method

`GET`

=== Description

Experimental: may change or be removed at any time (since BICI 1.3.0)

=== Query parameters

No parameters

=== Response examples

* http://localhost:8080/bonita/apps/bici-operations-management/API/extension/bici-info
+
[source,json]
----
{
  "documentationVersion": "1.3",
  "version": "1.3.0"
}
----

== `/bici-case-by-id-api`

=== Http method

`GET`

=== Description

Return the open case related to the provided case id

=== Query parameters

|===
|Parameter|Type|Required|Description

|caseId|integer|true|id of the case
|===

=== Response examples

* http://localhost:8080/bonita/apps/bici-operations-management/API/extension/bici-case-by-id-api?caseId=101
+
[source,json]
----
{
  "caseId": 101,
  "startDate": "2019-06-17T15:27:29.044Z",
  "startedBy": {
      "id": 4,
      "username": "walter.bates",
      "firstName": "Walter",
      "lastName": "Bates"
  },
  "process": {
      "definitionId": "8662860246251890111",
      "name": "Vacation",
      "version": "4.0",
      "versionSpecified": true
  },
  "status": "LATE",
  "predictedEndDate": "2019-06-17T15:28:10.220Z",
  "predictedDurationInMillis": 41153,
  "minInMillis": null,
  "maxInMillis": null,
  "withinTargetRatio": 0
}
----

== `/bici-case-api`

=== Http method

`GET`

=== Description

This list of cases can be filtered by status (late, predictedLate, predictedOnTime, unknown) or using a search term

=== Query parameters

|===
|Parameter|Type|Required|Description

|c|integer|false|Number of elements to return
|p|integer|false|Page to return, starts at 0
|processName|string|true|Name of the process
|processVersion|string|false|Version of the process
|status|string|false|Status of the cases: late, predictedLate, predictedOnTime, unknown
|search|string|false|Search keyword, will search in case id and name of the initiator
|===

=== Response examples

* http://localhost:8080/bonita/apps/bici-operations-management/API/extension/bici-case-api?processName=Vacation
+
[source,json]
----
{
  "cases": [
      {
          "caseId": 101,
          "startDate": "2019-06-17T15:27:29.044Z",
          "startedBy": {
              "id": 4,
              "username": "walter.bates",
              "firstName": "Walter",
              "lastName": "Bates"
          },
          "process": {
              "definitionId": "8662860246251890111",
              "name": "Vacation",
              "version": "4.0",
              "versionSpecified": true
          },
          "status": "LATE",
          "predictedEndDate": "2019-06-17T15:28:10.220Z",
          "predictedDurationInMillis": 41153,
          "minInMillis": null,
          "maxInMillis": null,
          "withinTargetRatio": 0
      }
  ],
  "counts": {
      "predictedLate": 0,
      "late": 1,
      "predictedOnTime": 0,
      "unknown": 0
  },
  "lastPollingDate": "2019-06-25T15:54:40.298Z"
}
----

== `/bici-process-api`

=== Http method

`GET`

=== Description

Get processes that the user is manager of

=== Query parameters

No parameters

=== Response examples

* http://localhost:8080/bonita/apps/bici-operations-management/API/extension/bici-process-api
+
[source,json]
----
[
  {
      "name": "Vacation",
      "versions": [
          "4.0"
      ],
      "targetDurationInMillis": 259200000,
      "successRateThreshold": 0.5
  }
]
----

* http://localhost:8080/bonita/apps/bici-operations-management/API/extension/bici-process-api
+
[source,json]
----
{
  "code": 404,
  "message": "Unexpected error: no_supervised_process"
}
----

== `/bici-query-api`

=== Http method

`GET`

=== Description

This allows to execute an analytics query.

=== Query parameters

|===
|Parameter|Type|Required|Description

|c|integer|false|Number of elements to return
|p|integer|false|Page to return, starts at 0
|queryName|string|true|Name of the analytics query: case-time-distribution, case-statistics, case-late-per-month, task-statistics
|processName|string|true|Name of the process
|processVersion|string|false|Version of the process. If empty, use all allowed versions
|parameters|object|false|Parameters required by the query: durationOfAnalysis, for case-time-distribution, case-statistics, case-late-per-month, task-statistics; durationInMillis, for case-late-per-month
|===

=== Response examples

* http://localhost:8080/bonita/apps/bici-operations-management/API/extension/bici-query-api?queryName=case-time-distribution&processName=Vacation&durationOfAnalysis=2m
+
[source,json]
----
{
  "percentiles": [
      "10",
      "20",
      "30",
      "40",
      "50",
      "60",
      "70",
      "80",
      "90",
      "100"
  ],
  "durationMillis": [
      0,
      0,
      0,
      0,
      0,
      0,
      0,
      0,
      0,
      0
  ]
}
----

* http://localhost:8080/bonita/apps/bici-operations-management/API/extension/bici-query-api?queryName=case-statistics&processName=Vacation&durationOfAnalysis=2y
+
[source,json]
----
{
  "median": 38345,
  "count": 100,
  "min": 34520,
  "max": 50736,
  "avg": 41545,
  "std_deviation": 5584
}
----

* http://localhost:8080/bonita/apps/bici-operations-management/API/extension/bici-query-api?queryName=case-late-per-month&processName=Vacation&durationOfAnalysis=2m&durationInMillis=300
+
[source,json]
----
{
  "month": [
      6
  ],
  "year": [
      2019
  ],
  "predictedOnTime": [
      0
  ],
  "late": [
      0
  ]
}
----

* http://localhost:8080/bonita/apps/bici-operations-management/API/extension/bici-query-api?queryName=task-statistics&processName=Vacation&durationOfAnalysis=2y
+
[source,json]
----
[
  {
      "taskName": "Merge",
      "type": "gate",
      "averageDuration": 0,
      "averageDurationFromStartToClaimDates": 0,
      "averageDurationFromClaimToEndDates": 0,
      "count": 100,
      "numberOfCases": 100,
      "loopRatio": 1,
      "percentOccurrences": 100
  },
  {
      "taskName": "Notify employee request approved",
      "type": "auto",
      "averageDuration": 879,
      "averageDurationFromStartToClaimDates": 50,
      "averageDurationFromClaimToEndDates": 0,
      "count": 100,
      "numberOfCases": 100,
      "loopRatio": 1,
      "percentOccurrences": 100
  },
  {
      "taskName": "Request approved ?",
      "type": "gate",
      "averageDuration": 0,
      "averageDurationFromStartToClaimDates": 50,
      "averageDurationFromClaimToEndDates": 0,
      "count": 100,
      "numberOfCases": 100,
      "loopRatio": 1,
      "percentOccurrences": 100
  },
  {
      "taskName": "Review request",
      "type": "user",
      "averageDuration": 27682,
      "averageDurationFromStartToClaimDates": 50,
      "averageDurationFromClaimToEndDates": 0,
      "count": 100,
      "numberOfCases": 100,
      "loopRatio": 1,
      "percentOccurrences": 100
  }
]
----
